collective=band genre=rock then musician=rocker
musician=rocker frontman=yes type=string then instrument=guitar
musician=rocker frontman=no type=string then instrument=bass
musician=rocker frontman=no type=percussion then instrument=drums
collective=solo genre=electronic type=key then instrument=synthesizer
collective=orchestra genre=classic then musician=orchestra_classics_player
collective=solo genre=classic then musician=solo_classics_player
musician=orchestra_classics_player type=string then instrument=cello
musician=solo_classics_player type=string then instrument=violin
musician=solo_classics_player type=wind then instrument=clarinette
musician=solo_classics_player type=key then instrument=piano
musician=orchestra_classics_player type=wind then instrument=tube
collective=band genre=pop then musician=pop_band_player
musician=pop_band_player type=string then instrument=guitar
musician=pop_band_player type=key then instrument=synthesizer
musician=pop_band_player type=percussion then instrument=drums
collective=solo genre=pop then musician=pop_solo_player
musician=pop_solo_player type=string then instrument=guitar
musician=pop_solo_player type=key then instrument=piano
collective=band genre=electronic then musician=electronics_player
musician=electronics_player type=key then instrument=synthesizer
